Review

That completes our lesson on props! Here are some of the skills that you’ve learned:

    1. Passing a prop by giving an attribute to a component instance.
    2. Accessing a passed-in prop via props.propName.
    3. Displaying a prop.
    4. Using a prop to make decisions about what to display.
    5. Defining an event handler in a function component.
    6. Passing an event handler as a prop.
    7. Receiving a prop event handler and attaching it to an event listener.
    8. Naming event handlers and event handler attributes according to a convention.
    9. Accessing props.children.

10. Assigning default values to props.

That’s a lot! Don’t worry if it’s all a bit of a blur. You’ll soon get plenty of practice!
Instructions

For further practice, consider the following challenge:

Create a simple online grocery store with reusable React function components. Your store should provide users with at least four buttons for possible items they can purchase. Every time a user clicks on a button, it should alert that the thing they’ve clicked on has been added to the cart via an alert message.

    Click on the folder icon next to the App.js file and create a GroceryItem.js file.
    Define a GroceryItem function component.
    The component should accept props and return a button that displays the grocery item’s name and contain an event handler for the onClick event.
    The component should be used to render the four grocery items, passing in the appropriate props.
    In App.js, return four instances of the GroceryItem component with names such as Eggs, Banana, Strawberry, or Bread. The items are up to you!
