Full_Stack_Engineer/Notes/HTML-Notes.md, before:

1. HTML Document Standards
   1. <!DOCTYPE html>, the declaration specifying the version of HTML for the browser
   2. The <html> tags that enclose all of your HTML code
   3. The <head> tag that contains the metadata of a webpage, such as its <title>
2. HTML TAGS:

   1. The <!DOCTYPE html> declaration should always be the first line of code in your HTML files. This lets the browser know what version of HTML to expect.

   2. The <html> element will contain all of your HTML code.

   3. Information about the web page, like the title, belongs within the <head> of the page.

   4. You can add a title to your web page by using the <title> element, inside of the head.

   5. A webpage’s title appears in a browser’s tab.

   6. Anchor tags (<a>) are used to link to internal pages, external pages or content on the same page.

   7. You can create sections on a webpage and jump to them using <a> tags and adding ids to the elements you wish to jump to.

   8. Whitespace between HTML elements helps make code easier to read while not changing how elements appear in the browser.

   9. Indentation also helps make code easier to read. It makes parent-child relationships visible.

   10. Comments are written in HTML using the following syntax: <!-- comment -->.

   11. Semantic Elements
       1. The Aside Elements:
          Some common uses of the <aside> element are for:
          1. Bibliographies
          2. Endnotes
          3. Comments
          4. Pull quotes
          5. Editorial sidebars
          6. Additional information

Commit message:

modified:   ./Semantic HTML/semantic.html modified:   Full_Stack_Engineer/Notes/HTML-Notes.md

Full_Stack_Engineer/Notes/HTML-Notes.md, after:

1. HTML Document Standards
   1. <!DOCTYPE html>, the declaration specifying the version of HTML for the browser
   2. The <html> tags that enclose all of your HTML code
   3. The <head> tag that contains the metadata of a webpage, such as its <title>
2. HTML TAGS:

   1. The <!DOCTYPE html> declaration should always be the first line of code in your HTML files. This lets the browser know what version of HTML to expect.

   2. The <html> element will contain all of your HTML code.

   3. Information about the web page, like the title, belongs within the <head> of the page.

   4. You can add a title to your web page by using the <title> element, inside of the head.

   5. A webpage’s title appears in a browser’s tab.

   6. Anchor tags (<a>) are used to link to internal pages, external pages or content on the same page.

   7. You can create sections on a webpage and jump to them using <a> tags and adding ids to the elements you wish to jump to.

   8. Whitespace between HTML elements helps make code easier to read while not changing how elements appear in the browser.

   9. Indentation also helps make code easier to read. It makes parent-child relationships visible.

   10. Comments are written in HTML using the following syntax: <!-- comment -->.

   11. Semantic Elements

       1. Semantic HTML introduces meaning to a page through specific elements that provide context as to what is in between the tags.

       2. Semantic HTML is a modern standard and makes a website accessible for people who use screen readers to translate the webpage and improves your website’s SEO.

       3. <header>, <nav> , <main> and <footer> create the basic structure of the webpage.

       4. <section> defines elements in a document, such as chapters, headings, or any other area of the document with the same theme.

       5. <article> holds content that makes sense on its own such as articles, blogs, comments, etc.

       6. <aside> contains information that is related to the main content, but not required in order to understand the dominant information.
           1. Bibliographies
           2. Endnotes
           3. Comments
           4. Pull quotes
           5. Editorial sidebars
           6. Additional information

       7. <figure> encapsulates all types of media.

       8. <figcaption> is used to describe the media in <figure>.

       9. <video>, <embed>, and <audio> elements are used for media files.
